= Contributing to RMDCSC =
Hello and thanks for taking your time to contribute!

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to '''Ryuuganime Multilingual Dictionaries for Custom Spell Checker''' (RMDCSC). These are mostly guidelines, not rules. Use your best judgment, and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

__TOC__

== Code of Conduct ==
This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the [[CODE_OF_CONDUCT.wiki|'''Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct version 2.0''']]. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to <ins>[mailto:contact@ryuuganime.my.id contact@ryuuganime.my.id]</ins>.

== Commit and Pull Request ==

=== Cloning Repository ===
To clone this repository you need [https://git-scm.com/downloads Git] installed on your end and the repository need to be forked to your GitHub account. From your command line:
 git <nowiki>clone https://github.com/<YOUR USERNAME>/dictionaries</nowiki>

;Don't forget to change <code><YOUR USERNAME></code> to your GitHub username.

=== Commit Changes ===
There is no strict guidelines for adding commit message. However, the best one is make it "uniform."

We commonly use those for prefix:

*<code>Add</code>
*:when file is untracked by git.
*<code>Modify</code> or <code>Fix</code>
*:when there some lines modified from previous.
*<code>Batch update</code>
*:when there are plenty of file untracked by git.
*<code>Update</code>
*:when some information updated.

=== Pulling a Merge Request ===

#Make sure you have required to naming your commit based on <a href="#Commit_Changes">Commit Changes</a> guideline.
#Name your pull request as<br/><pre>Detail: Comment</pre>'''Note''':
#;Detail
#::Defining what the purpose of this pull request.<br/>Available arguments, at the moment:
#:::<code>Definition</code>, <code>Category</code>, <code>Fix</code>
#Click on the green "Send pull request" button to finish creating the pull request.
#You should now see an open pull request.

== Issuing Suggestion or Problem ==

Got a great idea or found an issue but can not executing as well, or unfamiliar with Git interface? Now, you can relax more because GitHub has a great feature, called [https://github.com/ryuuganime/dictionaries/issues GitHub Issue]. It helps users to "interact" developers with 0 knowledge of coding.

You can send us an issue for we can look for it. 

=== Issuing Suggestion ===
#Open '''[https://github.com/ryuuganime/dictionaries/issues ryuuganime/dictionaries/issues]''' and tap on '''[https://github.com/ryuuganime/dictionaries/issues/new New Issue]''' button.
#In title bar, write:<br/><pre>Suggestion: <your comment></pre>
#Adding additional comment/information would helps us figuring out what you want to suggest with.
#If you finished writing issue, tap '''Submit new issue'''.
#You should now see an open issue.

=== Issuing Problem ===
#Open '''[https://github.com/ryuuganime/dictionaries/issues ryuuganime/dictionaries/issues]''' and tap on '''[https://github.com/ryuuganime/dictionaries/issues/new New Issue]''' button.
#In title bar, write:<br/><pre><your comment></pre>
#Adding additional comment/information would helps us figuring out what problem(s) is/are occurred.
#If you finished writing issue, tap '''Submit new issue'''.
#You should now see an open issue.