<h1>Ryuuganime Multilingual Dictionaries for Custom Spell Checker (RMDCSC)</h1>
<blockquote>📚 A sets of dictionaries (word lists) from multiple languages for spell checker</blockquote>

This repository allows user to add custom dictionaries of several language by only adding this repository to their project repository as submodules.

__TOC__

= Avaible languages =
Currently, this repository only contains 4 languages and 1 custom wordlist of hobby-related topic. Most of dictionaries are provided from another repository(ies) by include those wordlist as submodules.
<!--#region wikitable-->
{| class="wikitable"
!Languages
!ISO 639-1/639-2 (2/3 letter) Code
!Provider
!Category
!Subcategory
!Combined as <code>.rydict</code>
!Notes
|-
|Anime-Manga Wordlist
|<code>NULL</code>
|[https://github.com/ryuuganime/animanga-wordlist ryuuganime/animanga-wordlist]
|Hobby
|Anime-Manga Culture
|''Included inside the submodule on each category''
|CJK Anime, Manga, Characters, Sites, and Studio Word List/Dictionary. Listed on repo as <code>animanga</code>.
|-
|Arabic MSA
|ar
|[https://github.com/a3f/arabic-wordlists a3f/arabic-wordlists]
|Language
|Natural
|[[.rcdl/ar_001.rydict|ar_001.rydict]]
|<code>NULL</code>
|-
|Indonesian
|id
|Ryuuganime
|Language
|Natural
|[[.rcdl/id_ID.rydict|id_ID.rydict]]
|Provided by Ryuuganime.
|-
|Japanese
|ja
|[https://github.com/hingston/japanese hingston/japanese]
|Language
|Natural
|[[.rcdl/ja_JP.rydict|ja_JP.rydict]]
|<code>NULL</code>
|-
|Vietnamese
|vn
|[https://github.com/duyet/vietnamese-wordlist duyet/vietnamese-wordlist]
|Language
|Natural
|[[.rcdl/vn_VN.rydict|vn_VN.rydict]]
|<code>NULL</code>
|}
<!--#endregion-->

= File information =

We using plain text format (<code>.txt</code> and <a href="#About_rydict"><code>.rydict</code></a>) for dictionaries, and MediaWiki file format (<code>.wiki</code>) for README and some important information.

== About .rydict ==

<code>.rydict</code> (stand for <u>Ry</u>uuganime <u>Dict</u>ionary) is a self-curated wordlist collected from several sources and implement into one file by Ryuuganime itself using plain text format (<code>.txt</code>). Basically helps dictionary/spelling checker extension/app from overhaul by the resources, so it can reduce a lot of memory consumed by the app/extension.

= Installing repository =
To "embed" this repository to your project repository, type this command line with Git application installed on machine into your working directory as:
<source lang="shell">
git submodule add https://github.com/ryuuganime/dictionaries
git submodule update --init --recursive
</source>

*If you have GitKraken installed on your machine, this proccess will be much easier (because GUI, of course).

= Cloning, contributing, and issuing suggestion/problem =
Please read [[contributing.wiki]] for more detailed information.

= Code of conduct =
This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the [[CODE_OF_CONDUCT.wiki|Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct version 2.0]]. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. For detailed information, read [[CODE_OF_CONDUCT.wiki]].

= License =
This repository is under [[License|MIT License]]. (C) 2020, Ryuuganime.